Changes in documentation #13372 (#13373)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/13373.other.rst

> Changed  "Enhancement" to "newfeature" in line 617 of file 'contribution.rst' as Enhancement is not a recognized change type.
> by `Shristi Baral`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed "Enhancement" to "newfeature" in the Contributing guide as Enhancement is not a recognized change type, by `Shristi Baral`_
```
